Welcome back.
In the previous video I showed you how to call a method from a subclass of the parent class.
So in our case we did user dot attack in order to run the attack method and use it.
Now I've removed the attack method from now because I want to try something different.
I want to create a init function in here in this init function.
We'll take self and then let's say that the user will receive let's say email because a all the users
of our game need to have emails and in here we'll just say self.
Dot email will equal the email nice and simple now in here.
If I was to run this code and let's remove user data attack for now.
So we have the same wizard.
We just added this or sorry this in it init and we have our wizard one.
So if I run wizard here and let's say we want to run wizard one dot email if I click Run
I get wizard object has no attributes email.
But I thought the user is going to be called when we create the wizard.
Right.
When we instantiate wizard 1 Well the thing is although we might inherit let's say for example if I
do dot we might inherit the sign in from the user.
And if I click Run we see that we inherit that the wizard already has an IT function already a constructor
right.
So how can we solve this well one way is to just add email here rate and just have the email attribute
just right down here.
But what's the problem with this.
Well it's inefficient right.
Because if I create an archer class I'll have to do the same thing.
And when we know that all these attributes are going to be the same on all of our subclasses we want
to do it here so what's a more efficient way of doing this.
Well we want to call the init method of the user from inside here.
Right.
Because every time we instantiate a new wizard.
Well this init function is going to be called.
So the way to do that is to say user dot underscore underscore in it and then give it the self and then
email and then the e mail is something that we pass in so that if I did go down here I can say Merlin
at gmail dot com is going to be the email so that now if I do let's say dot email for Wizard 1 and I
click Run I get Merlin's email once again all we did was we called the init method of the user inside
of the wizard.
So when we instantiated a new wizard we ran this function and inside of this function we ran that user
dot in it and passed in the email that we passed in as an argument.
And here now this is one way of doing it.
And then there's another way.
And it's called super and it's a keyword as you can see it's being highlighted here and all we do is
run super and super is referring to the superclass or the class above wizard which is user and this
is actually a new addition as of Python 2.0 to with super we actually no longer need the self.
So our code looks even cleaner and all we pass is this and if we click Run we still get the right answer
super allows us to refer to user this way and not have to worry about passing self.